*
* Camera Life
* Version 2.6.0 - 2006-08-01
* http://fdcl.sourceforge.net
*
* Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Will Entriken "Full Decent" <cameralife@phor.net>
*
* Camera Life is released under the terms of the GNU General Public 
* License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 
* of the License, or (at your option) any later version. See the 
* file LICENSE for more information
*

I INTRODUCTION

  Camera Life is a system for cataloging your photo collection. It gives 
  users the ability to search or browse your archive in intuitive ways, with
  an attention to powerful administrative functions.


II FEATURES

 A Self Updating

   Camera Life will cache and thumbnail photos it finds in your photo 
   directory automatically. Photos are automatically assorted into Albums based 
   on their descriptions. You can allow anyone to update your site without 
   fear of defacement.

 B Photo Albums

   In addition to viewing photos by file system hierarchy (files in folders), 
   users may browse your site by Albums. An Album is a collection of like 
   photos. Since the system knows which photos are related, it can suggest 
   photos that a user may be interested in while they are browsing.

 C Security

   Users sign up for accounts from the main page. An Admin can then grant 
   privileges to users (Administer:User Manager:Users). You can also integrate
   Camera Life into your own authentication system by creating a module.

 D Non-destructive

   Changes that users can make to your site are all logged and undoable. If 
   you would like to use an open access policy where anyone can contribute 
   photo descriptions, you can easily rollback changes in the event of 
   defacement. (Administer::Log Viewer)

 E Themes

   You can easily change the look of the entire site by choosing a different
   theme (Administer:Customize:Themes). Additional themes can be downlaoded 
   from http://fdcl.sourceforge.net

 F Modules

   Most of the features are in modules, which can be replaced to easily 
   intregrate with your own site or CMS, also new functionality can be 
   dropped in.


III INSTALLATION

 A Install

   See the file INSTALL

 B Upgrade

   See the file UPGRADE


IV MAITENANCE

 A Administer

   Regularly click Administer at the top of the main page. Items that require
   attention will be noted in red.

 B Add Albums

   To create new Albums, login and choose Create Album from the front page.


V QUIRKS, BUGS

 A Bugs

    Mail 'em to me cameralife AT phor.net (start subject with "CAMERALIFE-BUGS:")


Thank you for choosing Camera Life for your photo displaying needs!

